Added --fail-after-error option to exit gulp process after linter error. (#18)
netzstrategen/gulp-task-collection: README.md

- `gulp fractal:start`: Start Fractal server (if config path exists in `package.json`)
- `gulp fractal:build`: Build static version of Fractal project

## Abort on errors

> In the default setup, all tasks are continued even if any of the task produces an error. Furthermode, calling `grunt […]` will always exit with code 0.

Reviewer: In the default setup, all tasks are continued even if any of the task produces an error. Furthermode, calling `gulp […]`
```suggestion
In the default setup, all tasks are continued even if any of the task produces an error. Furthermode, calling `gulp […]` will always exit with code 0.
```

Reviewer: @colourgarden — can you double check English here? 🇬🇧

> In the default setup, all tasks are continued even if any of the task produces an error. Furthermode, calling `grunt […]` will always exit with code 0.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In the default setup, all tasks are continued even if one of the tasks produces an error. Furthermore, calling `gulp […]` will always exit with code 0.
```

Author: Thanks! Fixed it, please see the latest version of readme.md
